Attempt to address Éric Vyncke's comments (#233)
ietf-wg-cellar/flac-specification: rfc_backmatter.md

2         | -26  | -7  | -5
0         | 1    | 0   | 0

> By lining all these samples up, we get the following input for the MD5 checksumming process.

Reviewer: I would have said `MD5 checksum computing process`, but I am not a native English speaker.

Author: Well, neither am I...

It has a mention here: https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/checksum#English but it does not seem to be frequently used. Probably better to change it indeed.

Author: ```suggestion
By lining all these samples up, we get the following input for the MD5 checksum calculation process.
```
